apps: QA fixes for apps v0.34.0 (#1877)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: changelog/0.34.md

>   Fix for HTTP/2 Rapid Reset Attack [CVE-2023-44487](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2023-44487)
<!-- -->
> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Platform Administrator Notice(s)**
> - Deploying OpenSearch can now be disabled by setting `opensearch.enabled: false` in `sc-config.yaml`
> - The number of arguments required to run the `upgrade` command has changed, as you now have to specify the specific cluster, `sc`, `wc`, or `both` to apply to both clusters as the command did previously. The ck8s usage and migration templates have been updated to support and clarify these changes.
> - The `ck8s init` command now requires a cluster argument which can be either of `<wc|sc|both>`.
> - Alerts for low remaining free space has changed. There is no longer a **critical** level alert for when free disk space is predicted to run out, but a `warning` level alert remains. Other disk low free disk space alerts have been tweaked.
> - The default config for storage class name on upcloud has changed from `upcloud-block-storage` to `standard`. This will impact prometheus and log-manager PVCs if they are enabled.

> > - In environments using custom falco rules, falco pods will crash if the overriding rule is disabled by default in this release. Consider enabling the necessary rules using this [config](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/blob/main/config/config/common-config.yaml#L111-L119)

Reviewer: To make it a bit more clear.
```suggestion
> - [Upstream incubating and sandbox falco rules are now disabled by default](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/blob/main/config/config/common-config.yaml#L111-L119), custom rules overriding these must either be removed or the upstream rules re-enabled, else the falco pods will crash.
```
I'm also thinking that we should perhaps change the link to point to what the release tag would be :thinking:

Author: I will do that.

# v0.34.0

Released 2023-11-21

> [!WARNING]
> **Security Notice(s)**
> - New curl release (CVE-2023-38545 and CVE-2023-38546)
>   New Go release (https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-qppj-fm5r-hxr3 and https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-4374-p667-p6c8)
>   Fix for HTTP/2 Rapid Reset Attack [CVE-2023-44487](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2023-44487)
<!-- -->
> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Platform Administrator Notice(s)**
> - Deploying Opensearch can now be disabled by setting `.opensearch.enabled=false` in `sc-config.yaml`

> > - This PR changes the number of arguments required to run the `upgrade` command, as you now have to specify the specific cluster, `sc`, `wc`, or `both` to apply to both clusters as the command did previously. The ck8s usage has been updated to clarify this:Migration templating have also been updated to support and clarify these changes.

Reviewer: Polish:
```suggestion
> - The number of arguments required to run the `upgrade` command has changed, as you now have to specify the specific cluster, `sc`, `wc`, or `both` to apply to both clusters as the command did previously. The ck8s usage and migration templates have been updated to support and clarify these changes.
```

> - The `ck8s init` command now requires a cluster argument which can be either of `<wc|sc|both>`.
> - Alerts for low remaining free space has changed. There is no longer a **critical** level alert for when free disk space is predicted to run out, but a `warning` level alert remains. Other disk low free disk space alerts have been tweaked.

> > - The default config for storage class name on upcloud has changed from "upcloud-block-storage" to "standard". This will impact prometheus and log-manager PVCs if they are enabled.

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
> - The default config for storage class name on upcloud has changed from `upcloud-block-storage` to `standard`. This will impact prometheus and log-manager PVCs if they are enabled.
```

## Release highlights

> - Increased the default helm timeout to 30 mintues

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Increased the default helm timeout to 30 minutes
```

- [#1844](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1844) - apps wc: Unmanaged user-alertmanager secret @aarnq
- [#1848](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1848) - Tweak disk usage alerts @Zash
- [#1852](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1852) - increase helm timeout @OlleLarsson
  - Increased the default helm timeout to 30 mintues
- [#1853](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1853) - Refactor update-ips script @simonklb
- [#1858](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1858) - Update default upcloud storage class to "standard" @viktor-f
- [#1861](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1861) - Add more user-alertmanager config options @viktor-f
- [#1866](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1866) - apps: Increase number of falco exceptions @LundqvistAndre
- [#1874](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1874) - apps: config option to set hostAliases for blackbox exporter @Pavan-Gunda

> 

Reviewer: Missing entry for trivy-operator upgrade.

Author: Done !!

- [#1861](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1861) - Add more user-alertmanager config options @viktor-f
- [#1866](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1866) - apps: Increase number of falco exceptions @LundqvistAndre
- [#1874](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1874) - apps: config option to set hostAliases for blackbox exporter @Pavan-Gunda

> - [#1877](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1877/commits/e37a09f48b8aea1fb4663e8b40d8c44d5089fb76) - apps: Upgraded trivy-operator from v0.13 to v0.17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1877](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1877) - apps: Upgraded trivy-operator from v0.13 to v0.17
```
